Week 1

Groups formed. I was nominated scrum master so i created the Jira account and added all the other members. 
We decided on a time to have a meeting besides the tutorial as well as creating all the necessary group chats 
in teams and messenger. We read through all the projects one by one and came up a list of pros and cons of each one. 
After discussing it in depth we decided on Project 1 as it was something that we could accomplish. 

Week 2

A first draft of user stories were written by all members. We also decided on the sprints structure. 
The acceptance criteria for the user stories were also written up. During the lab we were able to 
discuss which user stories were missing or were able to be grouped together. During our Monday lab 
we also assigned tasks for all members for the Thursday meeting which consisted of dividing up work for 
the systems architecture and story boards. On Thursday we had a meeting which went over our storyboards 
and diagrams for the system architecture and discussed if anything could be improved/changed. We also 
decided to start on writing the report and divided up the work based on sections. I was assigned to write 
the descriptions on how some defined user stories provided novel functionality compared to existing systems. 
I inputting my user stories and acceptance criteria into the Jira backlog.

Week 3

For this week, we decided to switch our database to PostgreSQL rather than reading from a json file.
Since I had experience working with databases, I was assigned to construct the database and get it 
running for all members to access. I decided to host the database on AWS as they had a free tier option.
We were able to connect all the members to the database by the end of the week. I also added to the proposal
an ER diagram to model the database and provide a schema. On our Thursday meeting we wrapped up the
final touches for our proposal and started to get working on the coding side of things. We assigned
roles such as who is doing frontend/backend/database coding. We assigned individuals based on experience.

Week 4

The main goals for this week was to have a working demo by week 5. We prioritised the high priority
user stories and decided to take on 1/3 of the user stories. We mainly focused on the recipe explorer,
and leaving the recipe contributor for the later sprints. We had to divide up the work load in terms of
front end and backend. I was assigned the backend, and I wrote tests and coded up a few functions that 
I wrapped in Flask routes to send to the frontend. The backend functions that I worked on was the
recipe match, recipe search and ingredient category sorting. Since I finished my backend work quite quickly, I 
decided to help out with frontend work doing ingredient categories and sorting. We also decided to have 2 1 hour meetings
on Wednesday and Friday rather than have a 2 hour meeting on Thursday, which will give us more chances to
update all members on what we're working on, struggling with and plan to do next.

Week 5

For this week, we had our demo. All functionalities of sprint 1 were implemented to the minimal viable product and
therefore we were quite satisfied with the progress. The only changes that were required was to make everything look 
nicer and more presentable. After the demo, we decided to do our Retrospective A while we were still on call in the lab 
and completed that in a shared document. We went through what we did well, what didn't go so well and things to try for 
the next sprint and allocated that to individuals. We also decided what user stories to do for the next sprint and 
decided on meeting times for the coming weeks to delegate tasks.

Week 6

Mainly for week 6, we began working on sprint 2. We delegated tasks on two meetings we had throughout week 6 and gave
progress updates on what we accomplishes, struggled with and planned to do next. However, for this sprint we tried to
implement the things outlined in the retrospective A, such as more defined allocation of tasks, implementing meeting
minutes and such.

Week 7

For week 7, I mainly focused on completing the recipe contributor tasks for Demo 2. We had our usual meetings to allocate tasks and
go through our struggles and give updates on what we have accomplished. For the recipe contributor I was tasked with the frequent ingredients suggestions,
where I had to make a new table in the database to accomplish this. I also assisted with the frontend work and viewing recipes after selecting
calories and a calorie limit.

Week 8

For week 8, we did our demo 2 and retrospective B right after our demo. We went through things that we could've done better in retrospective A
before discussing what to try next in this sprint. We also allocated tasks during the lab so we could get started straight away before our next meeting
on Thursday. For sprint 3 our main focus is making the website look nice as we completed most functionality in the previous sprints. We only had a few
stories for this sprint relating to functionality and plan to complete that within the first week leading up to the demo.

Week 9

In week 9, we finished all the functionalities and focused on styling. For styling I was tasked with the recipe create page. We decided to stick
mainly to material UI libraries to remain consistent. There were also some minor bug fixes that were discovered while testing out near final product. 
Towards the end of the week, we wrote our final demo as a team and practiced it before Monday.
